Note pods are updated at the same time for binding upgrade (#3014)
pivotal/docs-tap: upgrading.hbs.md

  v{{ vars.url_version }}. For more information about the upgrade procedures, see the
  [Cluster Essentials documentation](https://{{ vars.staging_toggle }}.vmware.com/en/Cluster-Essentials-for-VMware-Tanzu/{{ vars.url_version }}/cluster-essentials/deploy.html#upgrade).
- Note that this upgrade will update all workloads and pods that are using service bindings. This is done automatically after upgrading to 1.7 and requires no user action.

>   All pods of workloads with service bindings will be recreated at the same time. Please ensure there are sufficient Kubernetes resources in your clusters to support such pod rollout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  All pods with service bindings will be recreated concurrently at the time of the upgrade. Please ensure there are sufficient Kubernetes resources in your clusters to support such pod rollout.
```
